Update README.md (#507)
metwork-framework/mfext: .metwork-framework/README.md

## What is MFEXT ?

> **MFEXT** is a "dependencies package" ridiculously easy to install which adds plenty of recent softwares to a Linux distribution, especially for scientific and meteorology domain, but not only!

Reviewer: Note: there is no plural form for software (the error was not in your contribution) and now we prefer to use the term "components".

```suggestion
**MFEXT** is a "dependencies package" ridiculously easy to install which adds plenty of recent software components to a Linux distribution, especially for scientific and meteorology domain, but not only!
```

> **MFEXT** is safe, multi-environment, it supports several languages (python, nodejs, java, lua...) and many libraries. With **MFEXT**, you can run several micro-services on the same machine, each micro-service running in its own environment, with its own stack of dependencies.

Reviewer: This is true for metwork as a whole but not for mfext in particular. I propose the following change:

```suggestion
**MFEXT** is "language agnostic" and runs on plenty of linux distributions from a venerable CentOS6 to the latest Fedora or openSUSE where it brings to you exactly the same list of [component versions!](#5-full-list-of-components).
```

In 5 seconds, here is how **MFEXT** works:

```console
$ # What python version do I have?
$ python --version
Python 2.7.5
$ # This is an old version!

$ # Load a mfext profile for the current session
$ . /opt/metwork-mfext/share/interactive_profile

$ # Now we have loaded the profile, test the python version again
$ python --version
Python 3.7.3
$ # Great, a newer version!
```

> Want to know what software is included in the package? [Look here!](#5-full-list-of-components)

Reviewer: moved
```suggestion
```

> Installing the **MFEXT** module is safe, it can't break anything on your system. It does not contain any services, it is just a bunch of files and directories installed in `/opt` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the **MFEXT** module is safe, it can't break anything on your system. It does not contain any services, it is just a bunch of files and directories installed in `/opt` directory and you have to explicitly load a profile file to use them.
```

> **MFEXT** is the **M**etwork **F**ramework "**EXT**ernal dependencies" **module**. It can be used alone, or as a dependency of other MetWork Framework **modules** (like [mfserv](https://github.com/metwork-framework/mfserv) or [mfdata](https://github.com/metwork-framework.org/mfdata)). MetWork-Framework is an open source system for managing several applications or micro-services running on the same Linux server, production grade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MFEXT** is the **M**etwork **F**ramework "**EXT**ernal dependencies" **module**. It can be used alone, or as a dependency of other MetWork Framework **modules** (like [mfserv](https://github.com/metwork-framework/mfserv) or [mfdata](https://github.com/metwork-framework.org/mfdata)). [MetWork Framework](http://www.metwork-framework.org) is an open source system for building and managing production grade applications or micro-services.
```
